Seagence's first PR with tile-only integration. (#1876)
DataDog/integrations-extras: seagence/README.md

# Seagence for Datadog

## Overview

> [Seagence][1] is a defect monitoring platform for Java applications that detects defects including root cause in real-time.

Reviewer: The overview section should include:

1. What Seagence does in 1-2 sentences
2. What will customers get from this integration (This should be clear to mutual customers but also potential new customers)
3. Types of data being sent to Datadog

Author: Updated Overview section as suggested.

### Description

Tired of debugging unknown defects impacting your customer experience? Using revolutionary ExecutionPath technology, discover how Seagence detects unknown defects caused by various issues like swallowed exceptions, multithreading issues, and others including defects that disguise in a 200 HTTP response code in your production Java applications. Seagence is the only solution that can detect unknown defects as they manifest. You fix your code without debugging.

> 

Reviewer: We avoid marketing material in integrations-extras. Please remove since this is marketing copy

Author: Removed.

### Usage

> Seagence integrates with Datadog using API based integration. Seagence's java agent is attached to your production application which will post collected data (ExecutionPaths and contextual information) to Seagence backend. When Seagence backend detects a defect, it posts the defect and it's root cause as a Datadog event to Datadog backend using Rest API. Upon defect event posted, a Datadog monitor (which is automatically setup) will raise alert.

Reviewer: This looks like it can be moved to the overview section

Author: Moved current content to Overview section and added appropriate usage instructions.

## Setup

> For Installation, Setup and Configuration instructions, please visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence website][1]

Reviewer: This should reflect the installation steps for the integration. If you are using OAuth, the steps should be included here

Author: Under Setup, now I have added Installation, Configuration, and Uninstallation sections.

# Seagence

## Overview

> [Seagence][1] is a defect monitoring platform for Java applications. Using ExecutionPath technology (aka GPS Tracker for transactions) Seagence detects unknown defects caused by various issues like swallowed exceptions, multithreading issues, and others including defects that disguise in a 200 success HTTP response code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Seagence][1] is a defect monitoring platform for Java applications. Using ExecutionPath technology (aka GPS Tracker for transactions), Seagence detects unknown defects caused by various issues like swallowed exceptions, multithreading issues, and others including defects that disguise in a 200 success HTTP response code.
```

> Seagence integrates with Datadog using API based integration. Seagence's tiny java agent is attached to your production application which posts collected data (ExecutionPaths, errors/exceptions, and contextual information) to Seagence backend. Continuously analyzing data stream from Seagence's java agent, Seagence's backend, using ExecutionPath technology, detects defects when they occur including their root cause in real-time eliminating the need for debugging and troubleshooting. Using Rest API, Seagence then posts detected defects and their root cause as Datadog Events to Datadog backend. You can find the details of defects in "Seagence - Defects Overview" dashboard or a Datadog Monitor can be setup to trigger alerts. More details about defects can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2]. With Seagence provided defect and root cause in hand, you fix your broken code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Seagence integrates with Datadog using an API-based integration. Seagence's tiny Java agent is attached to your production application and posts collected data (ExecutionPaths, errors/exceptions, and contextual information) to the Seagence backend. Continuously analyzing the data stream from Seagence's Java agent, Seagence's backend, using ExecutionPath technology, detects defects when they occur, including their root cause, in real-time. This eliminates the need for debugging and troubleshooting. Using a Rest API, Seagence then posts detected defects and their root cause as Datadog Events to the Datadog backend. You can find the details of the defects in the "Seagence - Defects Overview" dashboard or you can set up a Datadog Monitor to trigger alerts. More details about defects can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2]. With a Seagence provided defect and the root cause in hand, you can fix your broken code.
```

> ### Usage
> The Seagence integration comes with a dashboard called "Seagence - Defects Overview". The top widget shows defects timeline and the bottom widget shows a list of defects including their root cause exception with complete stack trace. In the defects timeline view, defects are shown as verticle red bars. You can click any verticle bar to open the context menu then click "View related events" to open the defects as Datadog Events in "Events Explorer" dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Usage

The Seagence integration comes with a dashboard called "Seagence - Defects Overview". The top widget shows the defects timeline and the bottom widget shows a list of defects including their root cause exception with complete stack trace. In the defects timeline view, defects are shown as vertical red bars. You can click any vertical bar to open the context menu. Click "View related events" to open the defects as Datadog Events in the "Events Explorer" dashboard.
```

## Setup

> ### Installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Installation

```

> Visit [Seagence][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, you can initiate Seagence<->Datadog connection in 2 ways. 1) Find the Seagence tile in Datadog's Integrations view and click "Install Integration". Then click connect button on the tile which will guide you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account. 2) Alternatively, login into your Seagence account, goto Settings -> Integrations page and add a Datadog connection. This also guides you through the Datadog OAUTH2 flow to grant Seagence necessary access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Visit [Seagence][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, you can initiate the connection between Seagence and Datadog in 2 ways:
1. Find the Seagence tile in Datadog's Integrations view and click **Install Integration**. Click **Connect** on the tile, which guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.
2. Alternatively, log in into your Seagence account and go to **Settings** > **Integrations**. Add a Datadog connection and follow the prompts to set up OAuth2 and grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.
```

> ### Configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Configuration

```

> Using -javaagent option, attach Seagence's java agent to your application. Java agent can be downloaded from your Seagence account. For more information, please visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `-javaagent` option, attach Seagence's Java agent to your application. Download the Java agent from your Seagence account. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].
```

> ### Uninstallation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Uninstallation

```

> To remove the Datadog integration from Seagence, navigate to the Seagence's Integrations page and click Revoke. Additionally, uninstall this integration from Datadog by clicking the "Uninstall Integration" button at the bottom on the tile. Once you uninstall this integration, any previous authorizations are revoked. Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys management page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove the Datadog integration from Seagence: 
1. Navigate to the Seagence's Integrations page and click **Revoke**.
1. Uninstall the integration from Datadog by clicking **Uninstall Integration**. Once you uninstall the integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.
1. Ensure that all API keys associated with the integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys management page.
1. Remove the `-javaagent` option from your application's Java runtime parameters. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].
```

> Also, remove -javaagent option from your application's java runtime parameters. For more information, please visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Moved to section above

# Seagence

## Overview

> [Seagence][1] is a defect monitoring platform for Java applications. Using ExecutionPath technology (aka GPS Tracker for transactions), Seagence detects unknown defects caused by various issues like swallowed exceptions, multithreading issues, and others including defects that disguise in a 200 success HTTP response code.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Seagence][1] is a defect monitoring platform for Java applications. Using ExecutionPath technology (aka GPS Tracker for transactions), Seagence detects unknown defects caused by various issues like swallowed exceptions, multithreading issues, and others, including defects that are disguised in a 200 success HTTP response code.
```

> With this integration, Seagence continuously analyzes the data stream from Seagence agent to detect defects when they occur, including the root cause of the defect. When a defect is detected, the integration will send an event to Datadog to alert your team. Using the out-of-the-box dashboard, you have visibility into the detected defects and root causes to eliminate debugging and troubleshooting. More details can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With this integration, Seagence continuously analyzes the data stream from the Seagence agent to detect defects when they occur, including the root cause of the defect. When a defect is detected, the integration will send an event to Datadog to alert your team. Using the out-of-the-box dashboard, you have visibility into the detected defects and root causes to eliminate debugging and troubleshooting. More details can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2].
```

> With the Seagence integration, Seagence continuously analyzes the data stream to detect defects when they occur including the root cause of the defect eliminating the need for debugging and troubleshooting. When a defect is detected, the integration will send an event to Datadog alerting you when there is a defect. Using the out-of-the-box dashboard, you have visibility into the detected defects and root cause to eliminate debugging and troubleshooting. More details can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Seagence agent continuously analyzes the data stream to detect defects when they occur, including the root cause of the defect. When a defect is detected, the integration will send an event to Datadog to alert your team. Using the out-of-the-box dashboard, you have visibility into the detected defects and root causes to decrease debugging and troubleshooting time. More details can be found on [SeagenceWeb][2].
```

Author: @anawishnoff  I have reformatted this paragraph a little bit. Accepted few suggestions. For others, please check the explanation below.

1) Retained "Seagence continuously analyzes". The Seagence agent only collects data and sends it to Seagence backend. Continuous analysis is done by Seagence backend.

2) Retained "to eliminate debugging and troubleshooting". I need to stay consistent about what I say on the website and what I say on this integration and what Seagence actually does. With defects and root causes in hand, it indeed eliminates the need for debugging and troubleshooting. Hope this clarifies.

## Setup

### Installation

Visit [Seagence][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, navigate to the Seagence tile on the [Datadog Integrations page][5] and click **Install Integration**. Click **Connect Accounts** on the tile, which guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.

### Configuration

Using the `-javaagent` option, attach Seagence's Java agent to your application. Download the Java agent from your Seagence account. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

> ### Uninstallation

Reviewer 4: This has to be an h2 in order to show up correctly on the tile:
```suggestion
## Uninstallation
```

To remove the Datadog integration from Seagence:
1. Uninstall the integration from Datadog by clicking **Uninstall Integration**. Once you uninstall the integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.
2. Ensure that all API keys associated with the integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys Management page][6].
3. Remove the `-javaagent` option from your application's Java runtime parameters.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Seagence does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

Seagence does not include any service checks.

### Events

> Seagence posts an event to datadog upon detecting a defect.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Seagence posts an event to Datadog upon detecting a defect.
```

## Support

Need help? Contact [Seagence support][4].

[1]: https://www.seagence.com
[2]: https://app.seagence.com/SeagenceWeb/
[3]: https://seagence.com/product/getting-started/
[4]: mailto:info@seagence.com

> [5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/seagence
```

> [6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys?filter=Seagence
```

### Usage

The Seagence integration comes with a dashboard called "Seagence - Defects Overview". The top widget shows the defects timeline and the bottom widget shows a list of defects including their root cause exception with complete stack trace. In the defects timeline view, defects are shown as vertical red bars. You can click any vertical bar to open the context menu. Click "View related events" to open the defects as Datadog Events in the "Events Explorer" dashboard.

## Setup

### Installation

Visit [Seagence][1] to sign up for free. Once registered, you can initiate the connection between Seagence and Datadog in 2 ways:

> 1. Find the Seagence tile in Datadog's Integrations view and click **Install Integration**. Click **Connect** on the tile, which guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Seagence tile on the [Datadog Integrations page][5] and click **Install Integration**. Click **Connect Accounts** on the tile, which guides you through the Datadog OAuth2 flow to grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.
```

> 2. Alternatively, log in into your Seagence account and go to **Settings** > **Integrations**. Add a Datadog connection and follow the prompts to set up OAuth2 and grant Seagence access to post Events to your Datadog account.

Reviewer 3: We do not recommend prompting users to initiate authorization from outside of the Datadog tile. Within Datadog, we can block users from authorizing if they do not have the sufficient permissions that are being requested. However, if authorization is initiated from outside of Datadog, we are unable to block that and users with insufficient permissions may authorize the integration, which will lead to errors from our API.

Author: Removed instruction to initiate the connection from Seagence.

### Configuration

Using the `-javaagent` option, attach Seagence's Java agent to your application. Download the Java agent from your Seagence account. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

### Uninstallation

To remove the Datadog integration from Seagence: 

> 1. Navigate to the Seagence's Integrations page and click **Revoke**.

Reviewer 3: This step is unnecessary - when the user clicks uninstall, authorization is automatically revoked. The user can go straight to step 2.

Author: The instruction is removed.

1. Uninstall the integration from Datadog by clicking **Uninstall Integration**. Once you uninstall the integration, any previous authorizations are revoked.

> 1. Ensure that all API keys associated with the integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the API Keys management page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that all API keys associated with the integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys Management page][6].
```

> 1. Remove the `-javaagent` option from your application's Java runtime parameters. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

Reviewer 3: The linked doc does not provide uninstallation instructions - can you update please?

Author: The only uninstallation step is to remove -javaagent option. So I removed the 2nd sentence.

> 1. Remove the `-javaagent` option from your application's Java runtime parameters. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

Author: Are you referencing outdated resource? In the latest resource, this is reformatted and "getting started" reference link moved to Configuration section under Setup. As to the relevance of this "getting started" document, this helps in not only configuring the java agent but also configuring it for different application servers and to come up to speed with using Seagence.

> 1. Remove the `-javaagent` option from your application's Java runtime parameters. For more information, visit [getting started][3] on [Seagence][1].

Author: I am marking this as resolved. If not resolved, please feel free to reopen.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

Seagence does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks

Seagence does not include any service checks.

### Events

Seagence posts an event to datadog upon detecting a defect.

## Support

Need help? Contact [Seagence support][4].

[1]: https://www.seagence.com
[2]: https://app.seagence.com/SeagenceWeb/
[3]: https://seagence.com/product/getting-started/

> [4]: mailto:info@seagence.com

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[4]: mailto:info@seagence.com
[5]: https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations
[6]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
```
